swift/leap: add another example (#778)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/swift/exercises/leap/mentoring.md

- It may be more readable to return the results of boolean expressions, instead
  of explicit `true` or `false` (see example below).

#### Prefer immutability over mutability

Given the following solution

```swift 
class Year {
    var calendarYear: Int
    var isLeapYear: Bool
    
    init(calendarYear: Int) {
        self.calendarYear = calendarYear;
        
        self.isLeapYear = ((calendarYear % 4 == 0) && (calendarYear % 100 != 0) || (calendarYear % 400 == 0));
    }
}
```
Below Code breaks
```swift
let year = Year(calendarYear:2004)
year.isLeapYear // this is true, 
// Since it is class i can mutate its value
year.calendarYear = 2009
year.isLeapYear // this is still true
```

> The issue above can be fixed by changin `var` to `let`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue above can be fixed by changing `var` to `let`:
```

```swift
let calendarYear: Int
```

> So i would suggest to start the code with ``` let ``` and ``` struct ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So I would suggest to start the code with ``` let ``` and ``` struct ```.
```

- It may be more readable to return the results of boolean expressions, instead
  of explicit `true` or `false` (see example below).

#### Prefer immutability over mutability

Given the following solution

```swift 
class Year {
    var calendarYear: Int
    var isLeapYear: Bool
    
    init(calendarYear: Int) {
        self.calendarYear = calendarYear;
        
        self.isLeapYear = ((calendarYear % 4 == 0) && (calendarYear % 100 != 0) || (calendarYear % 400 == 0));
    }
}
```
Below Code breaks
```swift
let year = Year(calendarYear:2004)
year.isLeapYear // this is true, 
// Since it is class i can mutate its value
year.calendarYear = 2009
year.isLeapYear // this is still true
```

The issue above can be fixed by changing `var` to `let`:
```swift
let calendarYear: Int
```

> So I would suggest to start the code with ``` let ``` and ``` struct ```.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So I would suggest to start the code with `let` and `struct`.
```

> ## Talking Points

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Talking Points
```

    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This entire block should probably be under `### Common suggestions`

Reviewer 2: @VigneshkumarG can you move this up?

Author: @SleeplessByte Okay

Author: @SleeplessByte  Entire block moved under Common suggestions

> ## We can suggest to start with immutation over than mutating things

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Prefer immutability over mutability
```

> Please see this example. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given the following solution
```

```swift 
class Year {
    var calendarYear: Int
    var isLeapYear: Bool
    
    init(calendarYear: Int) {
        self.calendarYear = calendarYear;
        
        self.isLeapYear = ((calendarYear % 4 == 0) && (calendarYear % 100 != 0) || (calendarYear % 400 == 0));
    }
}
```
Below Code breaks
```swift
let year = Year(calendarYear:2004)
year.isLeapYear // this is true, 
// Since it is class i can mutate its value
year.calendarYear = 2009
year.isLeapYear // this is still true
```

> We can fix the above issue by changing var to let ``` let calendarYear: Int ```. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The issue above can be fixed by changin `var` to `let`:
```swift
let calendarYear: Int
```
